paragraph visit us friends and whom yak and d
live those who are going to president well
we c you dress our way today
sociable anya smile jumped on
kebab to Anatolia Gritsenko collage
him defense minister 50 kilometers to
south of Kiev city on the Dnieper
Ukrainian here lives a candidate in
presidents codenamed commander
Anatolia currencies I'm visiting Anatolia
Gritsenko
former minister of defense and militant
fighter for our with you voices this simply
shot down by a medal for the defense kept them
passionately and try 2 boorishness collecting
wife
famous journalist Julia rebellious
elder children of light and alexey families and
granddaughters
16-year-old son Gleb and 10-year-old daughter
Anyuta whose here is eternal little
more often a house and after a dramatic winter they
got together on a kebab with
sporty and romantic slant
especially in the market or several
kilometers from here koncha-zaspa
where neither fame and rivals live
Anatoly Stepanovich in the upcoming elections
politics Gritsenko friends there will be
someone type exploded and gills guide for
car maidan he mercilessly criticized
even own parliamentary faction
batkivshchyna that his spring came to him
why on Independence spread released
camera and attack
You are so
she's either on stage anymore so you
decided to come visit him
Khimki at one time the people on Independence and 17 20
thousand
now gritsenko is the only member
parliament boldly demanding resignation
Alexander Turchinov at the post
the supreme commander he sees
exclusively myself
ready asked from a successful day by action
objectively i will write youtube its meant
to my income statement Gritsenko
He revealed to us in full all
car warrior all the music is very and
the water bike of some of you for reporting and
krinitsyna we will drive out the glyph cube divorces on
crawl things
the only one who did not get into the declaration
plum monsoon you start to better
to name
and by the president and drove the little bird by
about this
what do candidates eat
as if plus a car modestly
still during participation anatoly gritsenko in
presidential election one thousand and ten
years behind him honorary title
poor dishonest dpsh take cover on my not
maybe covers on stony other races
Of course cover pants are not there
Anatoly Stepanovich far from laser
according to our unwritten rules
political swamp if you want
see new marriage you percent 10
votes
need snow rich spaniard without wreaths
normal dynamism and one hundred two hundred media
captive on the presidential election it may
give and sang patent leather 0 hark
monopoly don't say cool fueled
long mind for all you thought considered
otherwise poly titanium and chapay chemistry for the chip
I used
when cup oligarchs all of this are over
line up the grow inflate equipo
de aqua chic
and nothing will change give it to
The company almost throw off friends
from facebook
I but yours but Gritsenko published in
your personal election program
phone
allow not only men camera good
and pumping virgin platoon former minister
defense for legalize weapons will be so a
then she asked for herself feels
basic then show them whether it is distorted
Kaichi not allowed block thrown in with
landfills for screaming about any two in the morning
Baba she feels during the revolution
gossiped that for the sake of the right cause gritsenko
ready to sacrifice even your own son
avtomaydanovtsy straight best biblical
Traditions the son of shackles was tortured
did not demand now we will write tomorrow
and jumps cut off let's see what
she drank
and steaks are fully operational hostess
generously develops on the plates
national anti-stress drug
happy barrel their live and healthy and
inferior biagini Putin and Cooper and of course
the family is confident of everything in its candidate
hundred
was slow but lived she could see him
need a popular pirate bridge already
vintage familiar to the family
Gritsenko do not waste time
and electoral optimism is also a kingdom
rested cast and manal bars